hello to all and all these killers
for a new oft class video
I hope you have
great because today
you present the video tips hendrix
so suntree guys what what
that's all my stuff and
so tricks on the place that the shoklan
who may be able to help you
or you do not know them
already in any case I hope it's okay
please go without delay
start with the first tip so the
first tip will consist in preparing
his troops in advance indeed you
can make giants for example your
big troupe who take a lot of
place so your customers know so
that your troops are ready before or
do like me archers and
goblins just before going into battle
because the troops are going to be going
consider empty when you will be
attacker when you attack so
is you then you as it lands
will fill up you can see that in
returning from combat I already have 50 troop
therefore ready for something near the 64
which is really very practical second
hints so this one always for the
troops going to constitute will consist of
very precisely organize your
troop formation what are you going
do is you're going to do a
calculation with respect to your army as well
than what you use and and do
exactly the same number of troops
for each barracks example if because
for example if you take a barracks
for the barracks for the giants a
fortnight for the goblins a barracks
for other things finally it'll be
say take disproportionate and that
will be poorly organized since your
troops are not going to be ready at the same
time because there will be some who will take
much more time I advise you
to do that in combination by combining the
two tricks on the troops I
just give you you can
reduce by one third or even the mesh the
half the time of your training
troops because if you already arrive at a
quarter of your troops ready
as well as one as well as a command
to an optimization of the formation of
your route you will be very successful
and the time will be diminished consider is
considerably now a little
trick on broken brick is enough
strange but a lot of people
think that breakage bricks do not
destroy a wall
indeed the breaks brick destroy
two walls they do damage from
area as you can see from
breakout since a brick breaker
do not destroy a wall of those of
level 8 in one shot I put two the
dga john did that these two breaks
bricks destroyed both walls
so now I'm going to talk to you about
something pretty interesting it's going
be
how to say a placement of your
money
so you're going to go into decoration and
all these things that you think they
do not serve anything in fact you you
serve since when you go
buy a decoration and then after
you are going to sell it you will be able to
sell it at 10% of its price which is
miserable but believe me we come
always at some point in clash of clan
where we have too much money
for example when you go before
spend an hdv you go for example
to be mad at or even at a time of a
moment of the game so you shake some
flags for example the statue of pk or
the old skull if you have to
money
and when you will miss 30000 to 40000
10000 gold you will be very happy
to be able to sell his decorations
next so now I'm going to you
learn how to better use your traps
so there you can see I did it quickly
does an organization request a
typical village
so that's the person who will
deploy giants how she goes there
take
well she will try with these breaks
bricks trying to make a maximum of
damage so of 2 type 2 type in them
crossovers and so destroy the
two crossovers so what are you going
do is you're going to put your
spring traps stack in the corners where
they are going to want to put the traps to
spring and so be able to blow up to
sure one at least breakage bricks
and I can tell you that 1 or breakage
bricks in less in an attack that
make the difference
you can also put in the corners
because often by these corners there people
people are attacking by it's been
very often
get attacked by share so a
strategy that happens so diagonally
and which he I advise you to
two meters in the corners and the
intersections
which is really powerful
now we're going for bombs
so for the good ones how to use them
at best the best is to use them
near your gold reserves and elections
because that's because the units that go
succeed in melee to access the
melee of its reserves are going to be
units very very vulnerable to these
bombs now I'm going to teach you
to place the bombs in front of your
city ​​hall what are you going to do
it's putting a bomb diagonally stack
front like that when the archers and
for example where barbarians will arrive
they will be exploded and projected on the
side they will be projected on the side
on the other bomb
the other bomb that will explode that was worth
project a little bit backwards
and who will arrive so on the other
bomb is so the center bomb goes
project on both sides on both
other bombs that will explode
you do not need to spend
more gloves you have an optimization
perfect of your bombs in front of your
city ​​hall you add and some
tesla and that's perfect now
a last tip that will consist of
very quickly
the elixir around sorbets so
imagine that you are stuck around
sorbet because you can not manage them
attacking well I'll advise you
you're going to start and so has it
archers but in fact so you
first destroy the traps and then
you're going to alternate the agro so the big one
and the ability of that an enemy to to
so you attack here the mortar that goes
shoot on it and you're going to alternate
between the archers so there you can
see I have an archer who gets destroyed
by a mortar
next and that's the other archers who will
take over and so little by little
with quite a bit of mess and in the end you
will succeed in stealing all the elixir so
there I have zero on zero since I already
any price in this village
but believe me when you arrive
at the sorbets turn the pro
the first time and that links to 800 miles
on the reserves and that as soon as you
quit this fight well that would be
his stage serie so the elixir returns to
25% in each reserve
you have only years chained his
until there are only
the city hall is an equivalent of to
about 50 thousand or a hundred thousand elixir
but hey we're going to say 7,700 miles of
profits is already huge
here is I hope this video has you
please do not hesitate to put a gem if
this is the case for commenting on the
to share with your friends your family everything
what you know who played clash of
man and who are addicts of this game
like me here's what I'm going to
wish a good continuation I do not
I will not go you
bother for a long time go hi a
all that was pretty slash at the next
banana